Go
go go go.
>> [music]
[music]
>> Heat.
Hey. Hey.
Heat. Heat.
W.
B.
All right, y'all. We are live on this
beautiful
Monday. God bless everybody in Jesus
name. And I pray y'all are super blessed
as the question is, is this Bitcoin pump
real? [laughter]
Is it real? What's the deal?
And you know what? You know what I'm
thinking? I'm thinking I should probably
add to this trade right here. I think
I'm going to put What should I put?
200,000
onto the trade.
Let's do it, man. Let's do it. Why not?
Like, why not? You know, what do we have
to lose? What do we have to lose?
Besides everything
6,500. Let's do that. Let's do that.
Let's edit our stop loss. [music]
Let's do that.
[music]
And um
yeah, let's you know what? What the
heck? You know, should we put a little
bit more on the trade? You know, let's
put another Let's put another 100 thou
150. Yeah, let's put another 100,000 on
the trade. All right, let's do it.
[laughter] All right, there we go.
That's That's more like it. That's more
like it. That's more like it, you know.
Let's check out the stop loss is going
to lose us. Let's see.
Six grand. That's about right. That's
about right. So, let's see. We've got
What do we have on the trade right now?
$626,000
on the position, baby. as Bitcoin's
pumping. And you know what? Let's go
down to the 15minute time frame here.
Are we going to go for the high? Are we
going to go for the high? Let's see if
we can go for the high at 63976.
All right, 63976. And actually, let's
change this music to something less
crazy. Here we go.
This is a little bit better. Yeah, that
music's a little bit too crazy.
Let's Yeah, let's let's see if we can't
get out of this trade here at 63
63980. All right, we're going to try and
limit out at 63980.
63980.
We'll take out half the trade right
there.
All right, let's see if we can't do
this, guys. Let's see if we can't do it.
All right, we we have to monitor this
closely here. We have to monitor this
closely. All right, we've got we we've
got to monitor this closely.
We're also going to have I I think you
know cuz I might have to FOMO out of
this. All right, big shout out to
everyone in the house. All right,
[music] shout out to Bo John for the
trades today. Shout out to Bo John. He
says, "You're making me too bullish."
Well, let's go, Bo John. Let's let's
smash up the the new alltime highs
together. Shout out to It's BL8 who
says, "Believe in the pump." Shout out
to Gety M9Q.
Shout out to Gary C. Hello. Ready to get
this going. Let's get it going, man.
Shout out to Splashfire Films. Shout out
to T in the house. Shout out to San
Hitino. He says, "Start the effing
street before I unalive myself." Well,
that's a very violent comment to leave,
my friend. All right. [music] Uh, shout
out to R. Pink. Good morning to you, my
brother and messiah. Shout out to Jay
Becker and preparing for war. And big
shout out to Rajesh Pandy 5x5f.
God bless everybody. Shout out to Hinder
Malik who says, "Let's hit 250 likes."
Yeah, let's see. Let's see how if we can
hit 250 likes. Let's see if we can hit
this take profit, guys. All right, just
a reminder, I'm trading on Bitbase right
now. Bitbase is going to be giving away
$500 a week. In fact, we're going to do
a $500 giveaway today during the stream.
If you want to win $500, you can sign up
to Bitbase link in the pinned comment
and description. They will also give you
exclusive VIP level seven fees as well
as
all these good cashback trading volume
bonuses and all this stuff. All right,
they also have a trading competition
going on right now. All right, with a
whole bunch of cool prizes up to $80,000
in prizes. And I'm in the competition
now.
All right, this is my team. I'm going to
go ahead and copy and paste the team
into the YouTube chat here. Um, if you
want to join the competition, there's
nothing to lose. There's nothing to gain
except money. So, I figure what the
heck, let's go for it. All right, let's
go for it. So, let's see what we could
do here. We're up $26,000.
Also, of course, I still have my trades
open on Antarctic, guys. As you can see
on Antarctic,
I am up $27,000 on the trade long
$14,000 realized. Short trade right now,
$79,000 realized profit. If it gets
stopped out here, I'm in a half million
short trade. Um,
and this will be stopped out at
$64,27426.
And this will be negating me $8,000.
All right, $8,000, which basically means
I'm going to end up with $76,000
of realized profit from the short trade.
And by the time we're up there, this
thing is going to be like $45,000 in
profit. So, we're just slowly raking in
the gains. Of course, guys, these are
the trades given in the Casper Crew
Discord. On the 25th of June, I let
everybody know I was taking the long
trade 14th of May. We shorted Bitcoin at
the top. We made guaranteed right now
$76,000 US.
All right. So, big shout out to the
Casper crew. And man, I can't wait to
see what Bitcoin's about to do right
now. I cannot wait to see what Bitcoin's
about to do right now. Can you guys wait
to see what Bitcoin's about to do right
now?
You know, shout out to Not Knock
Quicker. Shout out to Chester Hoop. He
says, "Do I miss Obama?" Yes. Yes, I
miss Obama like crazy. I miss Obama. You
know what? I don't miss Obama. Here's
the thing. When Obama was president, I
didn't know or care who the president
was, but I liked Obama and I still like
Obama. All right. Maybe he's gay. I
don't know. All right. People say maybe
he's gay. Maybe his wife's a man. I
don't know. People say he's a communist.
I don't know. All right. People say he's
uh anti-American. Yeah. I mean, it seems
that way. I'm not going to lie. But
here's the thing. He seems like the
chill kind of guy you'd want to go hang
out and have a beer with and just talk.
You know, he's a cool guy. you know,
he's cool. He's cool. You know what I
mean? He seems like a cool guy, you
know. Um, that's all I got to say about
Obama. Now, he did speak at my
graduation. All right. He did speak at
my graduation when I graduated with my
degree in trans non-carbon binary
mission gender intersectionality
studies. That was some crazy times,
honestly, guys. I mean, look at the way
I looked back then. It was pretty nuts.
Let's talk about this Bitcoin price
here, guys. I mean, this is pretty
crazy. We got to discuss everything
that's going on. Man, there's so much to
discuss. Oh, man. There's so much to
talk about. This is nuts.
All right, this really is nuts. All
right, so smash up the likes, everybody.
Smash up the likes. We got to maintain
our We got to make sure that our trade,
you know, we don't want to play with
this. All right, we got 600. We have
$626,000
on the position here. We're trying to
hit our TP. We're trying to lock in.
We're Let's see. Let's see. Come on. Are
we going to smash through the TP? Come
on, baby. Can we smash through the TP?
It's what Euphoria looks like. Ladies
and gentlemen, I say actually, I said
gentlemen and lady. I know that I know
the demographics out there. Um I know
the demographics out there. Should you
short cuz everyone's getting bullish.
Well, let's see how the shorts working
out for me. All right. How's the short
working out for your boy? Should you
short? You tell me. Should you short?
You tell me. All right. Tell me. What do
you think? Is it a good idea to short?
I'm short. How's it working out for your
boy Jason Casper? How's it working out
for your boy Jason Casper?
Not the best.
Not the best. I'm in a half million
dollar short right now. I'm down $5,000.
All right. 5,000 US Donald Trumps. You
know what I'm saying? So, let's let's go
to let's clear off the chart for the
most part, but let's keep a few key
things on here. Man, I'm getting more
giddy. I am I am giddy, guys. I am giddy
as all get out right now. I'm not going
to lie to you. Okay, I'll lie to you.
I'm not giddy at all. [laughter]
I'm lying, but you can tell I'm giddy. I
mean, look at the way I'm acting,
man. I'm feeling pretty giddy today. Let
me tell you why. Cuz the Bitcoin price
is pumping, baby. And let's just take
let's start on the weekly time frame.
All right, let's start on the weekly
time frame here. First of all,
man, this is crazy. We we we got the
value area here. You know, this is nuts.
First of all, guys, on the weekly time
frame, we put on market cipher beef. We
are pretty dang close to printing a
green dot bullish dive on the weekly.
Now, I'm not I'm not a I'm not a doctor,
okay? I'm not a scientist. All right?
But I would say this, the the the the
odds are very high that if we get a
weekly bullish divergence that we get
significant pump, whether or not the
bottom is in
I mean this this is a this is a big
signal. I'm just going to throw that out
there. A bullish dive on the weekly is a
big signal. We haven't had one since
November 2022. Now, at the very least,
even in a bearish scenario here, if we
do get a green dot here, it means
probably either the low is in or the low
is about to be in. And either we do
something like this and get our actual
low with another confirmed divergence or
the low's in. Now, I don't know which
one it's going to be, but at the very
least, we can say that the bottom of the
bare market is very, very, very close.
Just weeks away, right? Weeks away. It's
the middle of July,
right? Maybe like 12 weeks, 12 weeks at
the most. 12 13 weeks at the most, guys.
All right, so just weeks away here. And
then if we go down to our daily time
frame, check this out. Just check it
out. We have confirmed bullish
divergence down here. Okay, this is what
making me giddy. All right, confirmed
bit boy butt cheeks on the daily. We go
to the 4 hour. This is where things get
even more intense.
All right, we formed a very nice bottom.
We have a very nice low on the 4 hour.
You can see that we dipped down to none
other than the Fibonacci golden pocket
right here. All right, we took the long
in the Casper Cruip Discord on the 25th
of June. All right, we didn't hit the
618 yet. Look, if we do hit the 618, we
got in, baby. All right, we got in over
here on Thursday
and we stayed in and we're in. All
right, we got the bounce from the 618
and now look at this. Look at this 4hour
bullish divergence and I'm seeing some
encouraging signs here. First of all, we
flipped market structure locally into
bullish. All right, we were in some
pretty bearish market structure
since the 15th of June. High, low, lower
high, lower low, lower high, lower low.
We clearly made a higher high. We
flipped key resistance into support.
That's going to be our $61,000 level. In
addition to that, we take a look at all
this volume that we've been trading in
June. And look at this bullish back test
of the PC that we got this morning. Now,
sadly, we didn't come down as low as I
kind of wanted. I I was looking to get
into a freshy and a back test of maybe
coming down to $60,000. We didn't get
that. But what we did do is we saw a
bearish wick on the 4 hour. Strong
buyback.
We also saw a bearish divergence on the
4hour time frame that we pretty much
undone. Not only have we undone, money
flowing thick. This looking pretty good
to me. And we're trying to hit this
takerit. trying to come up to the high
that we made here on the 5th of July,
which was yesterday. All right, July.
The 5th of July. All right. You know,
you got to buy on the 5th of July. You
know, you got to buy on the 5th of July.
So, we got that. We got that uh July 5th
high, which is a weekend high. I think
we're going to go for it. Our next
resistance, guys, is going to be right
around
64.5ish.
All right. 64.5ish.
That's be our next big resistance. If we
can reclaim 64.5ish,
that is very important because now not
only are we reclaiming key resistance of
the local range, but if we go to the
macro range, look at this.
This does not look very bearish to me.
I'm sorry. I know people say people are
getting too bullish, but let's just take
a look at this here. All right,
look at this.
We had a very strong
resistance which was the value area low.
We get a very strong close above this is
the daily time frame. Uh Wednesday's
candle we we can't do it. We reject. But
then Thursday's candle strong close.
Friday's candle nice and bullish. In
fact, this looks pretty bullish to me.
Even these daily candles don't look like
they're they're they're very healthy
candles, right? We had this wick, right?
We come, we back test the daily close
and we get a bounce again. We wick up
here. We have a nice little wick to the
downside. We're establishing a little
bit of a base. Establish a little bit of
a base. Establish a little bit of a base
here. This today's wick all the way down
and all the way back up. If we get a a
daily close bullish, man, that's going
to be looking pretty nice, especially if
we're coming above $64,000 value area
low of this massive range.
Right.
That's going to be pretty intense.
That's going to be pretty good. All
right.
Look at that.
That's going to be pretty intense.
Now, uh I'm not saying the bottom is in.
So, let's talk about some bearish
scenarios here. But in general for me,
uh, this is a good place to be taking
some profit on some of the long trades
because obviously it's a very key
support resistance flip around 64
$65,000.
if we're going to start flipping 64
$65,000 into support.
Um,
man, that does open the door for a move
up to the mid70s
because again, the highest probability
once you lose a value area low like this
to the downside and get a nice reclaim
like we got in here, the highest
probability is that we come up to the
top of the range. And I really like I
really like how we came down for one
bounce.
We came up slow grind, reject from the
PC, come down into territory of
hopelessness.
But what we do is we bounce from key
support with a very bullish science and
then we come back inside the range
again. That's really nice. You know, I
have to say that that is a really nice
looking pattern. And so it wouldn't
surprise me if for the rest of July we
don't see these bullish signs on the
daily and the weekly, mind you, play
out. Why why not get a move back up to
the top of the range once we reclaim
this high? All right, there is really no
resistance here. There's really nothing
here. And if we pull the fib from the
high to the low, look at that. The
Fibonacci golden pocket, the 786 is is
pretty beautiful. I I think it's
actually pretty probable that we would
come back up to this area, which is just
the historic resistance of the range,
right? Right? It was support in
February, resistance in March,
resistance in March, support in April,
support again in May, support in the end
of May, then we fall right through.
We're starting to form some bullish
market structure down yander. Yeah, I
don't I don't see why we can't do that,
especially if we're printing and
confirming a green dot on the weekly.
And and then
honestly,
if we can flip that, I don't see why we
can't go for the $82,000 high. And
here's the thing again the we have to be
looking at the market as sideways
ranges. That's that's the only
responsible way to trade. So right now
obviously if we're coming up to the
mid60s we should be looking for us to
simply just come up here and then come
back into the range, right? That that
that's a very probable thing to happen.
We could form a range here for much
longer, right?
And at the on the same token, if we if
we don't reject here and we flip this
and we're coming up to here, yeah, we
should be looking for a rejection from
the support resistance flip, right? But
if we reclaim this, then what? Then we
should be looking for a move up to here.
And then we can look for another
rejection from here, right? If we see
more bearish divergence and money flow
continuing to come out, that's going to
look extremely ugly. That's going to be
a beautiful short trade. that will most
likely lead to a new low that will give
us the bottom of the bare market in
October. All right, so this could be
something crazy and then we end up with
another drive of bullish divergence on
the daily here. I mean, this this could
be the in fact, this is my preferred
scenario to be honest with you because
it allows us to get the biggest moves
and make the most money. But if we do
get a move up all the way to the top,
gets people ultra bullish. The bottom's
in, the bottom's in, get a big drop,
wreck everybody, come all the way down
into the 40s. People are like, "That's
it. Bitcoin's over." Well, we know we
have very juicy supports down here to be
looking for bounces. And that could be
right around the beginning, middle of
October where we expect the bottom to be
in. That would be my preferred scenario.
Because it's my preferred scenario, it's
probably unlikely to happen because, you
know, when it comes to macro market
moves, is it really going to do what I
want it to do? Nah, probably not.
Although, I did short the exact top
this time. If this is the low, I shorted
the exact top and long the exact low.
Can you imagine? Can you imagine
if Jason Casper
shorted the top of the bull market and
longed the bottom of the bare market?
That would be crazy. I could post about
that on Twitter and people might think
I'm cool for like one second
while they scroll past me on Twitter.
You know, that's the reason I got into
YouTube so people would think I'm cool
for one second. I mean, just take a
second to look at how cool I am,
you know. All right, come on, baby.
Let's smash that take profit. Michael
Sailor managed to sell support. He
should have market cipher. I agree. What
about the 4-hour bear dives on market
cipher? We already talked about the
4hour bear divs on market cipher. Here's
the thing about the 4hour bare divs on
market cipher. They they've been pretty
much given back everything. I mean, look
at that. We're back at the high. We had
a confirmed bearish div on market
cipher. And by the way, the the the
place we rejected from was none other
than the Fibonacci golden pocket, right?
So, we reject from the Fibonacci golden
pocket.
We take a lot of not even all but a lot
of this liquidity. We pretty much bounce
from this 4hour support here. But look
at the money flow, right? I I consider
this bearish evidence invalidated now.
Money flow is getting thicker.
We're confirming a green dot on the 4
hour. I think I think that that weekend
high is not the high. All right. I think
we can get another high here
where we could look for another drive of
bearish divergence here. I I think we're
setting ourselves up nicely for
potentially something like this, right?
Another drive of bearish deance. All
right, let's see what we get. Let's see
what we get. Come on, Bitcoin.
Come on. Just just go for the high.
We're consolidating under resistance.
That's bullish. Bullish is all get out.
Yeah. 6 618 levels. That's what's up.
All right. All right. You think I'm cool
for 13 seconds? All right, I'll take
that. 13 seconds. It's not so bad, you
know. Um,
yeah. Please break 64K with Pump Song.
Yeah, that'd be wild, right? Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah.
Um,
why the American people work that much?
Have you heard about the the theory? You
can just sit along a tree and do nothing
but listen to birds. I've never heard of
the the theory.
Most Americans work so much because I
think they feel like they have to.
Honestly, most Americans work so much
because they feel like they have to,
right? It's pretty normal in America for
you to have a household where everybody
has like a job or two and they work
really hard, multiple shifts just to
just to make ends meet. That's actually
pretty normal in America. Um,
if if you're asking why I work so much,
well, I don't have a job at all. I don't
have a job at all. So, you know, short
from here. Well, I'm going to short from
here. And you tell me if you think it's
a good idea. All right. I'm short from
here. I'm down $5,000.
All right. So, you let me know if you
think it's a good idea. Guys, by the
way, if you want to win $500 today,
sign up for Bitbase using the link in
the pinned comment and description.
Every week, Bitbase, courtesy of Jason
Casper, should I say Jason Casper,
courtesy of Bitbase, is giving away
$500. Plus, if you sign up using my
link, you get exclusive VIP7 fees, plus
all this other good stuff here. $2,000
20% cash back deposit bonus depending on
how much you deposit up to $30,000 in
trading volume bonus up to $1,500 signup
bonus. Um,
this is only for new new users
registered within 30 days. All right,
but we're also doing the $500 a week
giveaway. And not only that, but we got
ourselves a uh if you go to the trading
competition,
sign up on my team. At the worst case
scenario, you might win some money. I
mean, best case scenario, you might win
some money. Worst case scenario, nothing
happens. All right, I'm currently on the
team right now. I'm on my own team and
we're trying to we're trying to pump it
up here. But, uh, you know what, guys? I
think I'm going to I'm going to FOMO a
little bit out of this trade here. I'm
going to FOMO a little bit out. All
right. I'm sorry.
I'm sorry. Oh, I've got to FOMO out of
the trade. All right,
I've got to FOMO out of the trade. Let's
see what we can do.
All right, I'm going to try and FOMO out
of this position here because I really
want the money.
Let's see what happens here.
All right,
just Can we just hit the takerit?
All right. Yeah, I think I think Yeah,
we we hit some a little bit of that got
filled. All right, a little bit of that
got filled. Let's see if we can't fill
the rest. We're up $19,000 realized.
Let's see if we can't get the rest that
order filled here. Come on. Come on,
baby.
Come on. Come on. Come on. Got a FOMO
out.
You know
what does this mean? Order zero. All
right. Come on. I think we're going to
get filled. Let's look at this realized
profit.
Come on, baby. Can you fill us? Can we
get filt? Oh, come on, baby. Can we get
filth? We're trying to get filth, man.
I'm trying to get filth up in here. Jake
Casper's trying to get filt. You know
what I mean? I'm trying to get filt.
Trying to make that money. Uh, you know
what I mean? Hey yo, [music]
we got the limit order, trying to get
fil. We're in the gym training arms
getting built.
Sorry. No, but really, I want my order
to get filled here,
but it looks like it's a no-go.
All right, we we'll give it some time.
We'll we we'll give it some time. All
right, we'll give it some time. We'll
give it some time. I I do feel like
we're eventually going to go for the
highs. But here's the thing. When you
when you when you put $300,000
on a trade for the sake of YouTube
sensationalism, you better take your
money, baby. You better take that money.
You better take that money. You know
what I'm saying? You better take that
money. Sheesh. Um,
big shout out to Joe Potter in the chat.
We're working so much cuz we're trying
to outrun communism.
That sounds silly.
That sounds silly. The real reason most
people are earning so much really is
because the Federal Reserve
has devalued the dollar so much and just
the the wages can't keep up with the
cost of life. All right? So, people are
trapped in this endless cycle of needing
more money just to live a life. We also
have very high standards of living here
in America, which you know is uh not the
best.
You know what I mean? Like people want a
lot. They expect a lot. They're used to
a lot. They're used to a lot of luxuries
and they're used to living above their
means in general. And so in order to
keep up with the standard of life that
people are used to, they also work. It
it's it's it's a uh
it's a multiaceted problem here, right?
It's a multifaceted problem.
I post names and not selfies on Twitter
to make people smile, not to fall in
love with me. Okay. Big shout out to
James Zim 9528.
Shout out to Kodak 4737. Jason gonna
make one winner lucky. Trip to China and
back. One month rent with groceries
included. Yeah. Oh yeah. $500.
You know what I mean?
Yeah. You don't have to work that much
if you don't want to work that much. I
mean, here's the thing. Back in the day
when I thought I was going to be poor. I
mean, honestly, I was setting myself up
to be broke and I'm still setting myself
up to be broke. Like, that's the thing.
Like my mindset is tomorrow I'm broke.
Not only am I broke, but there's no food
in the grocery stores
and the feal matter has come into
contact with the revolving apparatus.
All right, that's always been my
mindset, you know. Um,
but yeah, my mindset really is tomorrow
I'm going to be I'm going to be broke.
Really, that's kind of how I live life.
That's how I feel like most people
should probably live life that way. But
whatever, whatever, whatever. It always
baffles me when people go into so much
debt. It it really I'm I'm scared of
debt. Like I do irresponsible things to
avoid debt, you know? Like I I know I
could be in debt and I could leverage
the extra cash into investments and make
more money on the interest of that
money. Instead, I'd rather just pay
something off. I'd rather just pay it
off and not be in debt. I'm petrified of
debt. The scariest day of my life was
the day I went into debt. And one of the
best days of my life was the day when I
had no debt. And I'll be honest with
you, every morning I thank the Lord that
I have no debt.
You know, I hate debt. The borrower is a
slave to the lender.
You know, you're a slave to the lender.
You got debt, you're a slave. You're a
slave,
man.
Sheesh. Man, it was such a good feeling
when I was in zero debt.
Um,
let's see.
How was my July 4th celebration? I do
anything special apart from longing.
Well, I didn't long on July 4th. And um,
did we hit that take profit yet? Come
on, baby. Come on. We just want to get
filled, you know? I don't want the price
to be spilt. Your boy's just trying to
get filled. Come on, baby. Let's get
filt. You trying to get filth? Come on,
Bitcoin. I'm trying to get filth, baby.
What did I do on July 4th? I ate a whole
bunch of food on July 4th. Like 7,000
calories worth of healthy food. I didn't
eat any gross food. It's funny, I did go
to a family gathering where there was
lots of American food, plenty of soybean
oil, cotton seed oil,
high fructose corn syrup, whole bunch of
other stuff. But I'm one of those
weirdos that brings glass containers
full of grass-fed, grass-finished Oregon
meat, potatoes, squash,
buckwheat, and all this stuff. You know
what I'm saying?
Didn't watch any fireworks on the 4th of
July.
We're trying to get filth. Get filter
fish. Get filter fish. Come on. We need
some get filter fish. Big shout out to
Ashish KPAC for the super chat. God
bless you.
Is it the Bitbase Exchange? Yes, the
Bitbase Exchange. They're going to give
you VIP 7 fees. It might take 24 hours
cuz they're doing it manually right now.
But today, all right, today we're we're
going to be giving away $500. The way
you enter is you need a user ID. All
right. So, just sign up, get a user ID,
and and we're going to be giving away
500 smackaroons.
Man, the short trade is only $3,000 in
debt now. 4,000 in debt now. All right,
so let's see how it goes.
Um,
market makers are watching. I know,
right? When will we see a Jason Casper
stock listing?
Jason Casper.
I don't know. Shout out to Joe Potter.
He loves not owing anybody. That's
awesome, man. Yeah. I mean, it it was a
really good feeling. I was so scared of
debt. I remember
Well, it doesn't matter why I went into
debt. I did go into debt. There were a
few reasons I went into debt. They're so
embarrassing there. This is
embarrassing. It's embarrassing. I can't
tell you. I'm too embarrassed. But but
but it turned out all right. It turned
out all right. Did Biden take the high?
No. We're really Okay. The fact that we
made a double top like this makes me
feel like we're probably going to take
the high. Come on, baby. We're trying to
get filth. We're trying to take the
high. Can't we get filth and take the
high?
Oh man. Oh no. Now I have a feeling of
dread worse than the time I went into
debt cuz all I see is this giant vector
candle and all I can picture is Tino
from Trader Reality talking about, you
know, how the market makers are going to
fill the vectors.
Big shout out to this person.
What's the best time to buy Bitcoin? I
would say between now and November is
the best time to buy Bitcoin, honestly.
Um, between now and November is the best
time to buy Bitcoin. Seriously. [music]
Um, but look, it's not financial advice,
but I myself am hoping for more drops.
And I'm not only hoping for more drops,
I'm hoping to
buy Bitcoin. All right? I'm really
hoping to buy Bitcoin at lower prices.
I'm hoping to ride it up over 150K
within the next four years. That's what
my hopes and dreams are. Okay, so back
to the charts here. It's obvious that um
you know, once we start making another
high here, we're we're most likely going
to be coming back up to the top of our
local range again. We're coming back up
to the top of the local range around
$67ish,000. We need to be looking for a
rejection. All right, we need to be
looking for something like this. If we
don't get that uh and we flip the PC
into support, we're going up to the
mid70s.
Uh, and if we flip that, then we're
going up to 82 $83,000.
You know, it's quite simple, but there's
a lot of if then statements here. All
right. A lot of if then, a lot of if
then. Got your Mercedes Benz.
You know, we got the if thens. Driving
our Mercedes-Benz. Uh, [music] eat
buckwheat to get buck. Okay.
Uh, I do love buckwheat. Buckwheat is is
one of my favorite carbohydrate sources.
A failed swing.
Every one of us is some kind of human
being. Don't say a slave. Look, here's
the reality. Some people are slaves. It
is what it is. It's part of the human
condition. It's part of the condition of
being human, a fallen human. All right?
Separated from our creator. Is slavery
is a thing. All right? People don't like
the word. It's just the reality of the
situation. You know, old school slavery
in the West was where people basically
slavery in the West used to be somebody
worked for you full-time and in return
you gave them a place to live and food
to eat and if they didn't work, well,
they were screwed. Nowadays, slavery is
you work and somebody gives you the
money to get a place to live and food to
eat, and if you don't go to work, then
you don't get the money and you're
screwed. It's basically the same thing,
except now you kind of have a little bit
more choice of where you're going to
live. And not only that, but you know,
you have more opportunity to become less
of a slave and work your way out of that
slave system. Most people sadly are
slaves in the sense that they're not
free to stop working for the job that
they hate
to get the money that barely makes them
just enough to have a place to sleep and
food to eat. I mean, that's just the
reality of the situation.
It's a sad situation.
[music] But but you know what? One thing
I you one of the things I love the most
about living in the United States of
America
is that here there's a lot of
opportunity to get out of that system,
right? People have the opportunity to
get out of that system. Not everyone has
that opportunity in other areas of the
world.
So, I'm very blessed and fortunate to be
here.
I think we have it pretty dang good here
because we have a lot of opportunities
here.
But um most people don't take advantage
of the opportunities for various
reasons. Not everyone can. Not everyone
knows they can. And there's a there's a
lot of risk that goes along with trying
to get out of that system as well. You
know, there's a lot of risk.
Um but yeah, look, the future is going
to look pretty crazy in the future as
the fourth industrial revolution
continues to quickly
uh
bond. what what's the word I'm looking
for? Continue on, right? As AI
technology and blockchain technology
become more prevalent, that's when
people are really going to become
digital slaves. I mean, it's going to be
so crazy when 95 96 97% of jobs are
obsolete
because they can be done by AI
when they don't need truckers, when they
don't need pilots, when they don't need
factory workers, when they don't need
coders, when they don't need anybody.
And then your job right now, which
you're a slave to, which says you have
to work for me, otherwise you're
screwed. Says, "Uh, actually, I don't
want you to work for me anymore because
I can get it cheaper."
That's when things are going to get
really crazy.
All right? Because they're going to put
people on universal basic income. You're
basically going to be on everyone's
going to be on welfare. And in my
opinion, the depopulation agenda is
going to get ramped up to full speed
because the sad thing is according to
the elites,
us normal people are literally just
animals to them, right? So, I don't
think there's going to be a big
depopulation
uh event, but it's just the slow kill,
you know, a little bit more soybean oil
here, a little bit more chemtrails
there, you know, a few more uh who who
knows what, you know,
stuff they're going to organize to
slowly kill us off, make us infertile, a
few more uh vaccinations coming in. Most
people won't be able to have kids.
People are going to be sick. Just going
to die off slow. You know what I'm
saying? But right now, we still have a
pretty good, you know, right now, I'm
I'm happy to live in the time we live in
right now. I'll be honest.
I'm happy to be living at the time we're
in right now. We live in a good time. We
live in a time where these bad things
are definitely coming, but right now
they're not here yet. And so, we have
like this amazing opportunity, you know?
We have this amazing opportunity right
now. Just come here on the treadmill,
push a few buttons, make some money, you
know, build your homestead, get your
farm animals going. You know,
that's that's what's up. You know,
we're hackable animals. I know. That's
literally how they see us, too, right?
That's what they say. The human being is
hackable now. Who Who said that? Yo, uh,
Noah Noah Hova Alvi,
the gay Israeli
uh, transhumanist from the World
Economic Forum,
you know. Yeah.
You know what I'm saying?
But whatever, man. You know,
I mean, the thing is, and another, you
know, the way I look at all this stuff,
too, is I'm very lighthearted about it
all. Look, at the end of the day, our
days are numbered. All right?
Our days are numbered. Only God knows
when we're getting out of here, right?
And so, that's why the most important
thing is just stay close to the Lord.
Stay close to God. All right?
Because this life isn't it, right?
There's eternity after this. There's
eternity after this,
right? Crypto winters long and strong.
That's what's up.
Um,
yeah. So, I don't know. Is this order
going to get filled? Let's take a look
at some other assets. I think we're
going to get filth, though. Let's watch
us get filth. Get filthish right here.
All right. Let's see some get filter
fish. Come on, baby. I'm rubbing my
hands together in pure euphoria right
now. I'm grasping my plunger tight
[laughter] cuz we're trying to hit this
dang take profit here.
But while we're waiting for us to get
filth, let's take a look at order flow.
All right, let's take a look at good old
market monkey. Oh,
I'm logged out of Market Monkey. That's
a bummer.
Let's see. Will this work?
Wait, I'm on a new market monkey.
Uh,
oh man, I'm on a new version of market.
Oh man, I don't have waterflow here. I
got to reset this up. I got to reset it
up. All right. Uh, let's see. What can I
do? What can I do? Uh oh, wait. Do I
have a template?
I don't know. [music] I have no idea.
Honestly, I don't know what I'm doing
here.
Indicators. Okay, let's see what we
could do.
Open interest CBD.
That's all we need. Footprint.
Footprint. Open interest CVD.
Oh man, I I I I I'm I'm I'm totally
lost. I'm totally lost.
All right. Well, we we'll have to come
back to it later, but we should take a
look at some other assets here. You know
what I'm saying?
I only used the plunger twice and
apparently I've only used Market Monkey
twice,
>> you know.
Is there a way for me to get back to the
old market? I don't know.
Oh man.
[music]
All right, let's go to this footprint
clusters.
Let's uh change our CVD. All right, I'm
going to I'm going to go through this
all.
There we go. CVD. We'll make it green.
All right, a little bit of green CVD up
in here. And let's put on our footprint.
Where's our footprint
indicators? footprint.
Doesn't work, it seems.
What did I do? Oh, man.
Ah.
A look at this, guys. Look at Look at
this. I don't know what I'm doing here.
I have to sit down and figure this out,
man. Really? I don't have order flow,
man. That That kind of sucks.
That kind of sucks. All right. Well, it
kind of sucks. That's all right.
You can just go to the regular Market
Monkey terminal website.
[singing and music]
Thanks guys. I appreciate all your help.
I appreciate all your help. But let's
take I guess let's take a look at
Ethereum. Ooh,
Ethereum coming back up to the macro PC.
Wow. Ethereum has a confirmed weekly
bullish divergence as of last week. Look
at this. Look at this.
This is pretty pretty nuts,
you know.
All right, reload it and choose legacy.
All right, let's do it. All right, let's
do it.
Let's refresh it.
All right, we got to go to Legacy. All
right, I'm going I'm going to give it a
shot, chat. Thank you, chat.
All right, shout out to Spinner Trades.
We're going to check We're going to go
to legacy.market maker market monkey
maker terminal.
All right. Uh,
maybe this will work.
Boring five minute price action.
Shout out to Jesse Gellick. He says,
"Just go to mmt.gg. GG.
I appreciate it. I'll have to figure
this out after the stream.
All right. ETH is strong again. All
right. So, let's let's check out ETH.
Man, I we're really trying to get this
dang Oh, we're not going to get filled
here, man. We're not getting filled.
We're going to chop around here a little
bit longer.
Well, it's a good thing some of that
order got filled. All right. Some of
that order did get filled right here.
All right.
All right. All right. So, here's the
good news about ETH. ETH has a bullish
divergence as we come down to the value
area low. Not only does it have a
bullish divergence on the weekly, it
also technically has a hidden bullish
divergence on the weekly. This is very,
very interesting cuz look at this. We're
making technically our higher low and
market uh cipher is making a lower low,
a double bottom. Not only that, very
locally here. As we make the lower low,
we're making a higher low. This this
could give us something nice here. And
again, I'm not saying that the low is
necessarily in for Bitcoin or ETH, cuz I
do feel very heavily in my soul that the
bottom's not in yet.
But could this be, I mean, man, we have
never in the history of Ethereum had a
bullish divergence on the weekly before.
Never. We've only had a big oversold
wave, right? And so, right now, we're
coming up to the macro p. We're talking
about all the price action since
February 2021.
macro P.
We flip this baby into support like
this, then we are looking up towards
around a $2,500 ETH, right? [music] Cuz
really then our next major level is
going to be the support resistance flip.
We have consolidation right here. We
have the support right here. We have the
resistance right here. And if we're
trading this as a sideways range, well,
you know, this would be our local range
low. This would be our local range high.
come down, get a nice bullish deviation,
come back inside. Once we flip it, we'd
be looking up to around $2,500 ETH. And
once we're coming up there, that's where
we either do the big old uhoh
or if we continue to hold bullish market
structure here, I mean, that could be an
actual market structure change on the
weekly time frame. And the thing is, a
market structure change on the weekly
time frame is very, very bullish.
That'd be a really really nice market
structure change on the weekly time
frame because we have very clean market
structure here on ETH. Like look at how
clean these swing highs and swing lows
are for Ethereum.
It's very clean. It's not like the way
it was on the way up, right? It's not
like it was here either. You see this?
This looked very squeezable, very poor
market structure. We just had the old
banana hammock pattern, right? This
right here. Yeah, we have a little bit
of the banana
coming in, but we have a very clearly
defined swing high, swing low. Multiple
weeks, clear swing high, clear swing
low. Multiple weeks, clear swing high,
clear swing low. If we're coming up
above here, this is a very big level to
be taken very seriously on our weekly
time frame. Also, let's take a look at
our monthly here on Ethereum.
All right,
take a look at the monthly.
Now, this is a bearish monthly candle.
I'm not going to lie, for uh June
because it's a much lower monthly close
than we had back in April and June of
2025.
And it's even a lower monthly close than
we had here in September, August 2023.
Um, so it's really not it's really not
the best looking monthly candle. I'll be
honest with you. It's really not. Um,
but
it'd be very interesting to see how this
thing closes. would be very interesting.
If it's closing above $2,000, that would
be a bullish engulfing on the on the
monthly. That would be pretty intense. A
bullish engulfing on the monthly would
be pretty intense.
I'm not saying it's going to happen, but
we are seeing some pretty intense bottom
signals here. Weekly bull div confirmed
money flow. Even
I don't want I don't want to be overly
bullish here, guys, but the reality is
these are rare bullish signals. These
are high time frame these are very rare,
very high time frame bullish signals.
And honestly, the bare sentiment
concerning ETH lets me think [music] and
just kind of feel intuitively
that this thing is going to rip and piss
a lot of people off because a lot of
people are pissed off at ETH already.
People are so sick of this nonsense,
right? We've literally been ranging
since 2022. We're at the same price for
ETH we were at back in 2021. It's like,
are you even serious right now? We
barely made a new all-time high. People
are pissed.
All right,
so just because of all that, it wouldn't
surprise me if we see ETH start to rip
like crazy. And this is a very rare,
very high time frame bullish signal.
Let's go down to our daily.
Even the daily looks very nice here.
Money flow, momentum, bullish
divergence. Again, I I the key level to
watch for the flip right now is going to
be our $1,800 PC macro. You know, we
start flipping this into support. Then,
like I said, $2,500 is very easy. This
is going to be very, very, very, very
easy to take to take back and then we're
coming back inside this range here.
Yeah, that this is going to be this
going to be a very interesting month. I
think July is going to be a very
interesting month. It's our first week.
We have very bottomed out stuff here.
Would not be surprised if we don't see
more upside in July
um with these bottom signals. Of course,
I could be wrong, but it's very rare
that we see signals like this. Guys,
just a quick reminder that Bitpace is
giving away $500 today and they're going
to be giving them giving away $500 every
single week. We're going to be giving
away $500 in these live streams. All you
got to do is sign up to Bitbase. [music]
All right. You don't even have to trade
on Bitbase.
$500
every single week. And in the Casper
Crew VIP Discord, they're giving away
$500 a week, too. So, $1,000 a week.
That's $4,000 a month if you're signed
up on Bitbase using my link. Also, we've
got ourselves the trading competition
going on. All right. Just go to futures
team pro under BWTC
trading competition. Search for Casper
crew. Search for Casper with a capital
C. It'll pop up. Join my team. You have
nothing to lose except if we happen to
win part of the prizes. You get to share
in that. All right. Um, yeah. And I am
on the team. All right. So, this account
here is on the team. Let's see what what
we're trying to we're trying to what
we're trying to do here. [music]
All right. And we're trying we're trying
we're trying to make some some some
gains. Let's see if we can't get filled.
All right. Also, guys, Bitbase is
offering super low fees. 0%
0.00.005%
[laughter]
mark. Uh,
man, there's too many zeros. They're
giving you VIP level 7 fees plus all
this good stuff if you sign up. All
right. Also, if you want to join the
Casper crew, we get the dang trades like
the long, which is up right now, you
know. Wow. That's pretty crazy. Like 40K
and the short
from May 15th,
which right now, worst case scenario,
will be closed out $76,000. Go to
jasoncastrain.com.
If you join jasonrain.com,
you'll have another opportunity to win
$500 a week courtesy of Bitbase.
Pretty cool. Look at that golden 500.
It's looking pretty pretty jacked,
stacked, and succulent if I must say so
myself.
Did I get stopped out on the Antarctic
short? Nope. It's still open right here.
Here it is. The Antarctic short trade.
I'm trying to figure out what went wrong
here, guys. Actually, you know what's
really cool right now?
Uh, Antarctic.
Actually, speaking of Antarctic, they
just launched the revival trading.
Um,
let's see. Where is it? Where? Where did
I could have sworn I I could have sworn
I just could have sworn I retweeted
that.
Wait, hang on. Did I not
[music]
>> They just launched
their uh trader revival accounts. All
right, so basically they'll fund you 50%
of all your losses. You get to try
again. All right, check it out. I
thought I retweeted this. This is
actually a really cool thing. All right,
let's repost [music]
this. There you go. Check it out. Also,
I like this little video, right? Your
trade goes bad, you're real sad, you're
crying, all of a sudden, an angel comes
and says, "Don't worry, we have trader
revival counts." Boom. The candles go
back to green. You know what I'm saying?
Pretty cool. Trader revival count with
Antarctic. Try it out if you're
interested in a decentralized
exchange with a lot of cool cool perks.
All right. And you can check out the
thing I just retweeted. You can go to
antarctic.exchange/revival
to sign up,
right? All that good stuff.
But yeah, this guy's trying to figure
out what went wrong with that short
trade. Let's see. Are we We're about to
get filled. We're about to get filthish
right here. Look at this. Come on, baby.
We're trying to hit that TP.
We're trying to smash into that TP.
Big shout out to make me a millie. God
bless you. How are the chickens? They're
They're fat and happy. All right. The
hens are fat and happy today. They
really are fat and happy. Um
I was just out there with them actually.
All right. Buying says, "Show my trade
from today." All right. Boy gave a trade
today in the Casper Crew VIP Discord.
Let's check it out.
This was Buen's trade in the Casper crew
VIP Discord.
Check it out, Buen.
>> Yeah, if you join the Casper Crew VIP
Discord, not only do you get my TA in
trades, but you get every other
instructor's TA in trades as well,
including Boyen, who gave this trade
today.
Let's see.
Okay, he's long. He longed at 9:51 in
the morning, right? He's long, looking
to add on the retest.
If there's a pullback, he's added to the
trade at 10:00 a.m.
Uh, and then he took some profit here
and then he closed the trade fully here.
All right, this is Boyen's stepbystep
trade this morning in the Casper Crew
VIP Discord. Got to give a big shout out
to Boyen. One of the best traders I
know,
you know. Seriously, man. I got to I got
to react to that, you know. I got to
give him a flexed bicep on that one.
That's a good trade, boy. That's legit.
Never ignore a boy box. Is it Boon? Is I
think it's Boon or Buen? Is it Boyen or
Boon or Bojon?
How old is Boj John? He's in his 90s,
right, Boyen? Boyan's in his 90s.
He's just a typical 90s 90year-old
uh I'll show you a picture of him. See
if we can't get the picture of Boyen.
Yeah, here he is. Here's a picture of
Boyen. He's a a 90-year-old Chinese guy.
Super jacked. All right. Dude is is is
shredded.
Drinks a lot of coffee. He eats a lot of
pizza.
This is him. All right.
So, he's old, but he he he really knows
his stuff. Boyan really knows his stuff.
He's 99 around there. Around there.
Around there.
See, make me a millie. Says the VIP
Discord is fire, baby.
He's showing analysis. Yeah, he's
showing analysis and he's telling you
when he's taking his trades. All right.
That's what Jason Casper does, too.
Jason Casper tells you when you take the
trades, but he gives analysis in
advance. That's what we do in the Casper
crew. We give analysis in advance
[music] and we say, "I'm taking this
trade." All right? They're not signals.
It's not financial advice. But what we
do is we give analysis and we tell you
what we're doing. All right? That's the
big difference between the Casper Crew
and all these other random
uh Discords where they're literally just
having you pay $400 a month so they can
show you a chart. I mean, we're out here
like taking the dang trades. You know
what I'm saying? We're out here taking
the dang trades,
>> you know?
All right. Well, look, we haven't gotten
filled.
>> His voice doesn't feel like a Chinese
accent. Well, that's Look, don't don't
get racist in here. Don't get racist.
Start talking about people's Chinese
accents in here. All right,
no tolerance for that stuff. All right,
so chill with that. All of the Discords
are scams, says Boyan. Bullion truly
believes this, by the way. I'm not even
joking. Boyan thinks every other Discord
is a scam.
You know, I give people the benefit of
the doubt. Am I still in with oneird of
my spa budget? Yes, I am. Fred [music]
Rickson, yes, I am. I'm still in with
one third.
Man, it feels good to pee in these
trees. I'll tell you that. Man, I drank
so much water today. You know, I'm
feeling I'm feeling a little burnt out
today. You know, it's a rest day. I had
a really intense leg day yesterday.
Really intense leg day yesterday. Like
really intense leg day. I hit some I hit
some PRs
yesterday on the Bulgarian split squats
on the Smith machine. I even hit a PR on
the dang Romanian deadlift. I even hit a
PR on the dang glute thrust yesterday.
Man, my glutes are so sore today. Oh
man, they are sore today. I'm I'm I'm
not even kidding. Like ah and my
hamstrings, you know, I'll tell you like
this morning I didn't sit on the toilet
bowl. I fell into the toilet bowl. I
fell into the toilet bowl this morning,
guys. I'll tell you. I didn't even need
to use the bedet
that I like to use. I didn't have to. I
fell right in. There was There was full
exposure to the water. Big shout out to
Radar Apologetics in the house. God
bless you, bro. It's good to see you,
man. God bless you.
Good to see you. I hope everything's
doing well with you and the family.
We're just talking about how my glutes
and hamstrings are so sore this morning
from yesterday's workout that I fell
into the toilet bowl and I I I there was
just I didn't have to wipe or do
anything cuz all the water did the job
for me.
Do I pee on the same tree or spread it
around? Uh well, here's the thing. It
depends on whether or not that door in
the back right there is open or closed.
Cuz if that door in the back is open,
then I pee on the closest tree to the
house. If that door is closed, I have to
go a little farther out because I'll
lose Wi-Fi at the close pea tree. And
then I have to um I have to go to a
farther tree so that the Wi-Fi from the
upstairs window can reach the computer
and you guys don't lose me. Why do men
train glutes?
That's a good question.
The reason why I train my glutes is
because I have a very weak,
skinny lower body, okay? Especially my
glutes. And one of the best things I've
ever done in my life to fix chronic
lower back pain, which used to plague me
in my 20s to the point where
I couldn't even pick lettuce from the
garden, right? Cuz my lower back was so
so much in pain all the time. The thing
that helped me as a 6'2, 6' 3ish guy
was strengthening my butt. Cuz here's
the thing, when you're tall and you
spent your whole life going through
puberty, not training your legs,
not training your butt,
your body gets used to using the lower
back for everything. All right? And the
lower back's not meant to carry that
burden. All right? The butt is meant to
carry that burden. And so if you have
lower back pain, if you're a taller guy,
you don't have a lot of muscular real
estate on the lower half.
All right? I guarantee that training
your glutes is going to be one of the
best things you can do to get rid of
lower back pain. All right? Because when
your butt's strong, it's going to take
over what your lower back is doing. Now,
the reason you got lower back pain, one
of the main reasons, probably because
you have a weak butt, it's not about
having a big butt. In fact,
weightlifting in general isn't even
about having big muscles. It's about
taking care of your body.
It's about having a body that works well
and doesn't hurt as you get older. You
know, as you get older, you lose muscle.
So, you're losing muscle in your butt as
you get older. Guess what? That's where
people get hunched over backs and all
this stuff.
You need the muscles to keep your your
joints healthy, to keep your bones
healthy,
you know. So, yeah, work out your butt.
It's not just about having a big butt,
you know. Girls like to work out their
butts. Guys don't work out their butts,
but you don't work out your butt, but
you should.
I mean, seriously.
You train glutes so you can jump higher.
Yeah. Let's be honest. Like, here's the
thing about your glutes, too. Like I'm
pretty sure, now I might be wrong about
this, but I am pretty sure like glute
strength is is connected to longevity.
Like
because you know when people get old,
they fall and then what do they do? They
break their hip. They can't get up out
of the chair. It's cuz they have a weak
lower body. So really legs and butt legs
and butt muscles, those are like the
most important muscles to be training,
you know. And another thing I I I used
to have really bad knee pain in my 20s
as well. But you know what fixed that?
Squatting to, you know, as low as I can.
That really fixed my knee pain. I used
to have really bad I used to have to
wear a knee brace in my 20s, man. I was
falling apart in my 20s.
What happened to my music?
Did my computer just freeze? What the
heck?
Did my browser just freeze?
I don't know what's going on. I think I
Something's frozen here. Something's not
right here. Something is not right. Can
you guys even hear me right now? Yo yo
yo yo yo. Can you guys even hear me
right now?
Let's see.
You have thick legs and skinny arms. You
look like a Christmas tree. Well, that's
that's actually I'd say that's that's a
more structurally sound way to be,
you know, but I'm not sure if you guys
can even hear me right now. Yeah, you
hear me? Okay. The problem is right now
I can't I can't Oh, wait. Here we go.
Oh, wait. Okay. So, it's an issue with
YouTube. It's an issue with YouTube. I
can't I can't play the music right now.
Let's see what What's this? What's this?
So strange.
Yeah, it is so strange.
See if I can't go to youtube.com here.
Let's see. Let's check this out.
Oh yeah. Uh
yeah, this works. This works. I don't
know what's up with that.
Uh, let's let's go with this one.
Here we go.
Put on some kill switch. Engage.
Yeah. The amount of people who don't
realize their ankles and glutes are
causing their pain. Yeah, man. Man,
that's so true. I mean,
so I'm I'm very blessed to have learned
in my life that yeah, like mobility
training and ankle mobility and hip
mobility
and lower body mobility and strength is
like so important when it comes to like
getting rid of pain.
Um, you don't real I mean it's so
strange like you know
I'm going off on a tangent now
but you know my 2-year-old son is so
mobile man. This dude you know every
little kid can squat
ass to grass no problem you know and
then all of a sudden they make you sit
in a chair for 12 years for 6 hours a
day. And if you were like me all you did
when you came home was sit in another
chair and play video games all day
eating potato chips.
You know, you lose all that mobility,
you lose all that flexibility, all that
strength,
and then you get muscular imbalances.
And then the muscular imbalances, they
exacerbate themselves. Because if you
have muscular imbalances and you have
certain muscles overcompensating for
weak muscles, guess what? The muscles
that overcompensate get stronger and
stronger. And the muscles that are weak
get weaker and weaker until the
imbalances get so bad that your body's
all twisted up. You got all this pain
everywhere,
you know.
Yeah, your three-year-old's the same
way.
Where would I cut this Bitcoin short?
I'm going to cut mine right at
resistance so I can get stopped out and
then it can drop. So 64.2
right around here. Let's go back to this
area. Let's see. Where's Where's my
resistance?
was this value area.
Oh, wait a second.
Uh where I mean, yeah, around 642 is is
right where I'm going to get cut out of
this short for $76,000 profit. I will
probably look to I'm obviously going to
look for other shorts here. You know
what I'm saying?
try to throw some bread and see if the
animals eat it. Well, you know what's
funny? I do give my chickens gross bread
and they do eat it,
but there are certain things I won't
give my chickens.
Do I remember when I first opened my
YouTube? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I remember
when I opened my YouTube and there was a
video that I was watching called, "Is it
a sin to masturbate?" Yeah, I do
remember that. In fact, for a long time,
[laughter]
that video was um
for some reason whenever I went to
youtube.com in my browser, that was the
default URL that that YouTube would go
to. So, multiple times I'd go to
youtube.com and it pull up this video,
is it a sin to masturbate?
And uh yeah, that's a video my dad
actually made. And I don't know why
that video was my default YouTube, but
you know what? I just ran with it
because
I don't know. It's just part of the
Jason Casper vibe, [music] I guess, to
have that video be my default my default
uh YouTube video. But yeah, I remember
that. I do remember that.
Do I fish? I I've only gone fishing a
few times in my life
for food. Fish
for food. Fish. for food, fish,
you know. All right, here we go. Let's
see if we can't get filled here. Any
good shorts we can look for? Well,
obviously the best short to look for,
guys, the best short to look for right
now is going to be a simple swing
failure pattern. This high here, this is
the first short to look for, all right,
around 64K. But after that, the best
short to look for is going to be coming
up to around $67,000,
right? Right? Cuz here's the thing.
If if we continue up here, then we're
probably coming up to the top of the
range, right? Cuz this is the golden
pocket right here. This is this is the
golden pocket right here. You know, it
is the golden pocket.
Did I increase the price of the Casper
crew? No. No.
Only OG's know about that video. What
was the answer to that video?
I forget. I never actually watched
actually watch the whole video.
I don't know. Let me see if I could find
that video again. It's funny that you
guys remember that video. I told my dad,
I'm like, "Pops, your your masturbation
video is my YouTube default.
Everyone sees it every time I go to
YouTube.
Forget the name of my dad's YouTube
channel.
I have to find it another time.
the real Dave Dig.
That's a funny comment, Dave Digital.
Yeah, you don't want to mess up the
curls we did in the squat rack.
Definitely not.
All right, chat is getting crazy. All
right.
Um,
yeah, real OG's will remember the
accidental face reveal on a Zoom call.
Someone called me on FaceTime and I I
flashed my face for the first time on
this
platform. Accidental face reveal. I I
had no camera for the first, you know,
whatever. Whatever. You know,
I think we're going to get filled.
Wait, did we get filled? Did we get get
filled to fish? Did we get the filter to
fish? Look, guys, we got filled. We got
filled, baby. That's what's up. Look at
that. Praise God. That's cool. That's
cool. Am I currently on a short and
adding more? Uh, yeah, I did add more to
my short. I was in $300,000. I added
another $500,000 when we came up to
around my entry cuz I thought, "Ah,
maybe we reject from here."
You know, that's what I thought. But
guess what? We didn't reject. We kept on
pumping, baby.
If digital, now you're think about
Genesis 38, bro. That was Onan, Judah's
son, who spilled his seed [music] when
he went into his brother Er's wife
because died because he was evil. And
Onan
was supposed to take his brother's wife
and have children to his brother, but he
didn't want to give his brother
children. So, he spilled it on the
ground. And God said that was evil. So,
God killed Onan.
That's what you're thinking about, man.
Just keep adding until you can't add
anymore.
Oh man, that might go pretty well. You
know what I'm saying? That might go
pretty well. Might go pretty bad.
But no, I'm done. I'm done adding to my
short.
Guys, just a quick reminder, we're
giving away $500. Oh, shout out to
Boyan. We're giving away $500. In fact,
why don't we give away $500 now? All
right. If you have a Bitbased user ID,
go ahead and start putting it in the
chat and we'll do a random giveaway.
right now. So, go ahead, spam the chat.
You need your Bitbase user ID.
And we're going to do this every single
week. So, if you don't win it now, don't
worry.
Don't worry.
Go ahead, spam the chat with your Bit
Bases ID if you have one. If you don't
have one, don't worry. Don't worry if
you don't have one. Don't worry because
we're going to be doing this every
single week, guys. All right. Every
single week forever,
we're going to be giving away $500
courtesy of Bitbase.
All right, courtesy of Bitbase. All
right, here we go. Countdown from 10.
Take a screenshot. Whoever's highlighted
on my cursor wins. All right, 10 9 8 7 6
5 4 3 2 1
zero. [music] All right, let's see who
our winner is. Our winner is
Prime Vids 3.
Big shout out to Prime Vids 3. That's
what's up, Prime Vids. Wow, man. You got
You should You should play the lottery,
Prime Vids 3. You know, you really
should,
right? Shout out to Prime Vid 3, guys.
We'll be back next week to do another
$500 giveaway. And also on Wednesday,
we're doing a $500 giveaway for Bitbase
in the Casper Crew VIP Discord. Man, I'm
glad we got filled on that. You know
what? Should I add a little bit more to
the trade here? Should I add a little
bit more to the trade, guys?
Nah, I think I won't. Not right now. You
wish you had an account? Well, you can
make one, honestly. Shout out to Prime
Vids 3.
Big shout out, Prime Vids.
big shout out to Prime Vids.
Yeah, I set the live chat. It was on
live chat. Oh, did everyone look your
your chat showed up? All right. You got
to set it on live chat. All right. All
right. If it yours, it defaults on top
chat. Top chat, you won't see everybody.
All right. Top chat, you won't see
everybody. Live chat, you see everybody.
So, when I take the poll, when I take
the thing, I go to live chat. All right.
But all right. All right. Wow. We're
We're pumping, baby. We're pumping.
Also, guys, remember, if you want to
join my uh competition team on Bitbase,
I'll pop a link in the in the YouTube
chat. There's really nothing to lose if
you're on Bitbase. You just need a
hundred bucks and it's based on the P&L.
It's not based on the money. And it only
it gives the top 10 on your team. I only
have three team members right now. So,
let's see if we can't get a few team
members here and let's see if we can't
dominate this competition.
All right. This competition.
Um,
all right.
All right, man. Well, God bless you
guys. Thank you so much for being here.
I am going to head on out. All right.
I'm going to head on out.
Congratulations to Priv 3. And yeah,
I'll see you guys, Lord willing,
tomorrow. All right. Peace.